---
layout  : wiki
title   : schedules/2020-10-29
date    : 2020-10-29 22:32:08 +0900
lastmod : 2020-10-29 22:47:54 +0900
tags    : [todo, schedule]
parent  : schedules
---

## Memo
 * 쉬는거 3일차

## Today's todo
 * [X] 백준 dp 문제 1문제
 * [X] 백준 단계별로 풀기 1문제
   * Suffix Array 로만 palindrome 문제 풀고 싶은데 생각보다 시간이 타이트하다. 결국 M 어쩌고 알고리즘을 할수 밖에 없나?

## Yesterdays' vocabulary
 * prescient : having knowledge of things or events before they exist or happen; having foresight.
   * He was known to have had prescient visions that were accurate, pentrating, and defied four-dimensional explanation.
     * defy : 무시하다
   * Seen now, "The Social Network", about the founding of Facebook and the lawsuits that followd, feels grimly prescient and perhaps representative of how the past few years since the movie premiered-and the past few months of the pandemic-have changed our relationship to social media and each other.
     * grimly : 잔인하게

## Today's vocabulary
 * extramundane : beyound our world or the material universe.
   * One of the subordinate bodies or bureaus or the British Astronomical Association, a company of learned and industrious men who find more pleasure and profit in the investigation of extramundane affairs than in the study of politics or art or other trivial earthly things, is devoted exclusively to the observation of Mars.
     * subordinate : 종속
     * bureau : 국(soup), 사무국(secretariat)
   * I know that there are extramundane occurrences, and I've had my share of experiences that can only be explained as 'supernatural,' but they have always been the exception.

## Weekly todo
 * [ ] Read NOVA paper completely.
 * [ ] Summary NOVA paper.
 * [ ] Mr.Robot 시즌 2 끝내기
