---
layout  : wiki
title   : schedules/2020-11-02
date    : 2020-11-09 13:07:17 +0900
lastmod : 2020-11-09 16:34:35 +0900
tags    : [todo, schedules]
parent  : schedules
---

## Memo
## Today's todo
 * [X] 백준 dp
 * [ ] 메일 확인
 * [ ] [[linux-debug]]
 * [X] 백준 단계별
 * [ ] mysql

## Today's vocabulary
 * tarriance : Archaic. delay.
   * Come, answer not, but to it presently; I am impatient of my tarriance.
   * After much tarriance, much debate, The good gods leave them to their fate.

 * perfervid : very fervent; extremely ardent; impassioned.
   * The fate of The thorn Birds will certainly not hang on literary merit. With the broadest storkes and the most perfervid prose, the novel traces three generations of the Cleary family ...
     * prose : 산문
   * But you have to watch Eileen. She sees things through the haze of a rather perfervid imagination. She sees this house, I'm sure, as it ought to be and Mrs. Wardell as a sort of Gainsborough duchess. She won't see the show-off. The bad propertions of the hall. The excess of. glass in the chandelier.
     * haze : 안개,  (정신의)몽롱(상태)
     * duchess : 공작 부인
     * show-off : 허세하게 행동하거나 자신, 소유물 또는 업적을 공개적으로 퍼레이드하는 사람.
     * propertion : 비율
     * chandelier : 샹들리에

 * garboil : Archaic. confusion.
   * Assuring your grace, that being this country in such garboil as it is, I would be loath to adventure to go to my Load of Angus with any conduct that he would appoint me, unless the king's pleasure be that I shall so do.
     * loath : 지긋지긋하여, 싫어하는, 싫은
   * The trolley officials of the Auburn & Syracuse Electric R.R. and the motormen and the conductors are still in a garboil over the final settlement of a wage increase demand despite the fact that several conferences have been held between them but each with little success ...
     * trolley : 전동차의 트롤리 폴 끝에 달린 작은 쇠바퀴
     * motormen : 급행 열차를 운행하는 사람의 직위

 * ex libris : an inscription in or on a book, to indicate the owner; bookplate.
   * [Bookstores] do sell objects imbued with history: a former owner's ex libris, an inscribed dedication from an unknown well-wisher, an occasional sales receipt used as a bookmark.
     * imbued : 물에 잠긴
     * dedication : 봉납
   * What interested me wasn't the title or the author but the ex-libris pasted to the inside cover. It incorporated a coat of arms, a motto ... and a name engraved beneath in a heavy Gothic script: Anton Schwarz von Steiner.

 * satisfice : to choose or adopt the first satisfactory option that one comes across.
   * In the real world, neither people nor firms maximize utility. ... What firms do instead is "satisfice," to use Simon's term: they content themselves with results that are "good enough."
   * Most people fall somewhere in the middle. A person can maximize when it comes to some decisions and satisfice on others.

 * duplicitous : marked or characterized by deceitfulness in speech or conduct, as by speaking or acting in two different ways to different people concerning the same matter.
   * deceitfulness : 사기
   * Cambridge Analytica obtained user data through duplicitous means, but similar data sets are widely and legally available; micro-targeting is commonplace on nearly all political campaigns.
   * Rather, like his own duplicitous identity, Twain's texts are double-vocied, both in form and in their equivocal stances toward freedom.

## Weekly todo
 * [ ] Read NOVA paper completely.
 * [ ] Summary NOVA paper.
 * [ ] Mr.Robot 시즌 2 끝내기
